Queues throughput & concurrency changes (#16953)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/queues/index.mdx

<Plan type="paid" />

> Cloudflare Queues integrates with [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/) and enables you to build applications that can [guarantee delivery](/queues/reference/delivery-guarantees/), [offload work from a request](/queues/reference/how-queues-works/), [send data from Worker to Worker](/queues/configuration/configure-queues/), and [buffer or batch data](/queues/configuration/batching-retries/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Queues integrate with [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/) and enable you to build applications that can [guarantee delivery](/queues/reference/delivery-guarantees/), [offload work from a request](/queues/reference/how-queues-works/), [send data from Worker to Worker](/queues/configuration/configure-queues/), and [buffer or batch data](/queues/configuration/batching-retries/).
```
